update blog to include ff information (#2531)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2023/07/images-in-node-red-dashboards.md

    - dashboard
---

> Using images in your Node-RED dashboards can significantly improve your users' experience. The most common method to add images to dashboards, is to store them within the filesystem of an Node-RED instance but sometimes that's not an option. How can you easily use images when working in a containerised environment such as Docker, Kubernetes, we will also explore flowfuse latest feature that makes this step super easy?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using images in your Node-RED dashboards can significantly improve your users' experience. The most common method to add images to dashboards is to store them within the filesystem of an Node-RED instance but sometimes that's not an option. How can you easily use images when working in a containerized environment such as Docker, or Kubernetes? We will also explore latest feature from FlowFuse that makes this step super easy.
```

In this example, the images are static but it's simple to load images depending on the state of the flow. As mentioned in this article's introduction, you could display context aware images guiding the user of the dashboard to a specific location on a map, to complete a maintenance task. If you're interested in seeing examples of dynamic image loading please comment below.

## Easily Add Images to Node-RED with FlowFuse’s Static Asset Service

> [FlowFuse](/) provides a powerful platform for developing, scaling, and securing your Node-RED applications. Used by businesses in industries like manufacturing, automotive, building management, and textiles, FlowFuse helps monitor and control edge devices effectively. Explore our [customer stories](/customer-stories/) to see how FlowFuse enhances operational efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[FlowFuse](/) provides a powerful platform for developing, scaling, and securing your Node-RED applications. 
```
